                ----------------------------------------
                |            ####Jump 61####           |
                ----------------------------------------
RULES:
    The game board consists of an N x N array of squares, where N > 1. At any time, each
    square may have one of three colors: red, blue, or white (neutral), and some number of spots
    (as on dice). Initially, all squares are white and have no spots.
    For purposes of naming squares, we'll use the following notation: r : c refers to the square
    at row r and column c, where 1 <= r,c <= N. Rows are numbered from top to bottom (top
    row is row 1) and columns are numbered from the left.
    The neighbors of a square are the horizontally and vertically adjacent squares (diagonally
    adjacent squares are not neighbors). We say that a square is overfull if it contains more spots
    than it has neighbors. Thus, the four corner squares are overfull when they have more than
    two spots; other squares on the edge are overfull with more than three spots; and all others
    are overfull with more than four spots.
    There are two players, whom we'll call Red and Blue. The players each move in turn,
    with Red going first. A move consists of adding one spot on any square that does not have
    the opponent's color (so Red may add a spot to either a red or white square). A spot placed
    on a white square colors that square with the player's color. After the player has moved, we
    repeat the following process until no square is overfull or all squares are the same color:
    
        1. Pick an overfull square.
    
        2. For each neighbor of the overfull square, move one spot out of the square and into the
        neighbor.
    
        3. Give each of these neighboring squares the player's color (if they don't have it already).
    
    The order in which this happens, as it turns out, does not usually matter-that is, the end
    result will be the same regardless of which overfull square's spots are removed first, with the
    exception that the winning position might differ. A player wins when all squares are the
    player's color.Replace with a help message, summarizing commands.

COMMANDS:
    //TODO